(v) - Subtitles and captions are necessary
(v) to help keep the internet accessible for everyone.
(v) Let me tell you a little more about
(v) how to use them on Vimeo.
(v) Subtitles provide viewers
(v) with the video's dialogue in written form,
(v) while captions include subtitles,
(v) but also a written description
(v) of what's occurring in their videos.
(v) If a video has subtitles or captions,
(v) you'll see a CC button in the play bar of a video.
(v) Simply click on it and then choose the caption
(v) or subtitle track you'd like to see.
(v) Video creators upload captions and subtitles themselves,
(v) so if you don't see your language,
(v) it means the video has not yet been
(v) transcribed or translated.
(v) In that case, you can contact the creator
(v) to see if they're able to add them for you.
(v) If you want to add captions or subtitles to your own video,
(v) go to your video settings page,
(v) choose the distribution tab and then go to subtitles.
(v) Click the plus symbol to add a new file,
(v) select the language and whether it's captions or subtitles,
(v) and click choose file.
(v) If you need help creating a subtitle or caption file,
(v) read further into this help article
(v) for some great resources.
(v) We support a variety of different file formats
(v) in all of these languages,
(v) which this help article dives into as well.
(v) Thanks for helping make the Internet
(v) more accessible for all.